That
I just stopped by.
Ah!
Ah, I ran out of that car and just gave it back to you.
Keep it in the car and drive first
I still have a lot in my garage
Hey, I'm just going to help my friend make a scene today.
Usually I just drive my little broken car
What kind of car do I have?
Next time, I can find a tourist to invite him to dinner
What a great opportunity.
Then I'll go first.
See you.
What was I unrealistically expecting?
Uh, OK, how are you?
Do you want to go up and rest for a while?
Hey, hey.
I was finally able to take him home justifiably
Come on.
What's wrong with you?
You've never been this weak before
Is it because of the headpoison last time?
But it doesn't matter anymore.
It's just that sometimes my stomach hurts a little bit.
Yeah.
You manage such a big stall alone
I definitely don't have time to rest well
Sorry.
Then hurry up
Not because I hate you
It's just that I didn't have the ability to protect you at that time
I'm afraid those who want to deal with me will hurt you
I thought you hated me
Hate me
It's all my fault
If it's okay
Well, it's a little late today.
Why don't you sleep here?
Go tomorrow
Then
Excuse me.
I have a party tomorrow
I'm going to sleep first
Bye. Bye.
As long as I keep an eye on it
Then he won't disappear again, will he?